h1. SysML-ModelCenter Integration for NoMagic MagicDraw

_By Sebastian J. I. Herzig and Christiaan J. J. Paredis_

The SysML-ModelCenter integration is a plugin for the NoMagic MagicDraw UML modeling tool that enables modelers to integrate a system model with an analysis model through model transformation. Use of this plugin enables the automatic generation of (partial) analysis models from a descriptive system model, their automatic execution and the feedback of the results back into the SysML model.

Please note that this software is to be treated as work-in-progress. By using the software you agree to treat it ""as-is"" and acknowledge that the authors make no claims in terms of its stability and usability. Particularly, the authors are not liable for any damages or losses that may occur in direct or indirect relation to the use of this software.

h2. Getting Started

It is easiest to start off with a pre-built package:

* Download the latest build from the repository
* Start MagicDraw with administrative rights
* Launch the Resource / Plugin Manager from the Help menu
* Import the downloaded zip file
* Restart MagicDraw

Two tutorials are automatically installed with the plugin and are accessible on the home screen when starting up MagicDraw. These demonstrate the basic capabilities of the plugin, but not all of them. Certain functionality, such as working with multiplicities (e.g. for cost or mass rollups), working with redefined properties is available, but not demonstrated. Please contact Sebastian (sebastian.herzig@gatech.edu) for further information.

h2. Runtime Dependencies

* "NoMagic MagicDraw UML Modeler":http://www.nomagic.com/products/magicdraw.html (commercial)
* "NoMagic SysML plugin":http://www.nomagic.com/products/magicdraw-addons/sysml-plugin.html (commercial)
* "Phoenix Integration ModelCenter":http://www.phoenix-int.com/software/phx-modelcenter.php (commercial)

The plugin has been tested with ModelCenter 10.1, and MagicDraw 17.0.2 and 17.0.3, running in 32-bit and 64-bit versions of (Oracle) Java 1.6 and 1.7 runtime environments.

h2. License

See "LICENSE":https://github.com/sherzig/SyMo/blob/master/LICENSE.txt